Avoid new cookies overwritten by previous cookies (#1738)
cfug/dio: plugins/cookie_manager/CHANGELOG.md

> 
> - Allow `Set-Cookie` to be parsed in redirect responses.
> 
> ## 2.1.3
> 
> - Fix new cookie being replaced by old cookie with the same name.
> - Sort the cookie by path (longer path first).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Allow `Set-Cookie` to be parsed in redirect responses.
- Fix new cookies being replaced by old cookies with the same name.
- Sort the cookie by path (longer path first).

```
